Jiang Yifeng, you ruinless waste
Dare to fight with me
Patrol hunting Jiang Yifeng
You are just a tolerant and deceitful alien in the sect
Your master is also ugly
I can't even beat a little finger on my hunting expedition
I thought it was such a powerful illusion
Come on, what other means do you have?
Level 12
I was in this jar last time
It's only until episode 8
Xiao Yunfeng, he won't
Stop shaking
Zhou Yifeng
Aren't you great?
Do you dare to fight with me?
According to previous visions
It is stronger than the strength in reality
I don't know how suspense
Business plan, you have passed the test
In this battle, you have the right to choose
If you don't fight, you can quit
If you want to fight
Risk of death
Although I don't know how strong you are
But I'm not a horror either
This time I choose to give up
Song Yifu, are you alright?